Love, laughter & communication are the three essentials to good life, never let them fade. its tiring to see em against your opinion regarding this issue. A lifetime of judgment makes me feel guilty and like people are watching me if I pick up something bad. not to dictate your life but drop your **** friends. It isn't easy to admit you're wrong, but the planetary aspects can boost your courage. Rather than stew with regret, meet with the person to make amends. He learned very early in life how to be a dirtbag, one thing I learned is you can't go through life like that… If you're unhappy in life, then you have to DO something major to change it: -Move -Breakup/Get divorced -Quit your job.  From modern-day hustle and bustle to the serenity of the past #romance #timetravel. How much of your life have you tried to fit in while feeling like you didn’t? song finds the words to express what i've been feeling for a lifetime - the power art has to make you feel understood. You can't expect someone to stay in your life if you're doing nothing but hurting them. Retweet to bless someone's timeline. Try not to get too worked up over other people's actions that don't concern you. No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful - Someone somewhere else is fighting. Stay strong: the future may seem uncertain but you will come out the other side. It may have tough timing. I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. There are only two options regarding commitment; you're in or you're out - There's no such thing as life in-between... Waiting for that future tho... 🔥 . Life is like a camera - Focus on what's important, Capture the good times, Get rid of the negatives. The pain and trials you go through now will make a great story in the future. Instead of looking down on people inspire someone, change someone's life for the better, encourage someone to reach HIGHER. I just be tweeting don't try to puzzle my life together lol. Everything has a frequency, and whatever you're feeling is bringing everything into your life that's on a similar wavelength. if ur pals dinny get angrier at ur life situations than u do are they even ur pals? Been another perfect day witchya, wanna lay witchya, spend my life witchyaaaa. Maybe in another lifetime. We love woke people. Sometimes you go to the doctor & they have no answers -- but then life hands you a free meal voucher so things balance out. YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, I CAN'T BELEIVE IT! NEVER STOP SMILING AND ALWAYS BELEIVE IN YOURSELF, I LOVE YOU. probably giving another boy love. Ps: He's not the one for you. u take the time u need gramps, u also hav a life other then yt no need to feel pressured <3 . No wrong answers. Although there is a right one. We will bring new dimension to your communication and life. Quit looking at social media for answers about one's life bc I can guarantee you will not know anything about mine. If you're spending time with strangers or acquaintances, a getting-to-know-you session might be in order. A sweet, self-effacing approach is twice as likely to succeed as a bold, bulldozing one. Even if something's old news to you, it might be best to pretend that you're somewhat surprised. Never laugh at people in **** situations - you may be the one someday doing the **** shuffle thru life. Communication is so important in life. I really don't know what the future holds. Everything I have and do, I've created and done by and for myself. Kinda hurts now but it's gonna mean a lot in the future. Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. It really was another lifetime though; to think of how much I've grown in those years is incredible. So much progress made - LOOK AT ME NOW. Past is past; Just focus for future. i swear i can't explain how much better your life gets when you surround yourself with good energy. I can't fault Twitter for trying to make itself pretty instead of solving its catastrophic internal problems bc that's what I'm doing. I don't know why I try and watch romance anime and then get surprised when I get sad and feel like **** about my life. Enjoy the ocean wave But watch out for the bandits. I thought I knew the answers till the questions changed. Apparently past me knew this would be an issue for me and made my password "priceygarbage". Today may be the exception. The aspects can bring real strength to your communication abilities. You'd be wise to seize the opportunity. Take steps to express your feelings by initiating conversations. Words will come much more easily than usual. If there are problems to handle, you will likely find resolutions.
