Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime. Past is past. Just focus for future. You gotta mix things up and keep things interesting, especially in the bedroom. U didn't love me or fear loosing me u just ****** UP something good u had going in ur life. People can fall in love, get engaged and plan a life together on a GT Bank customer service queue. Respect everyone, hate no one and most importantly love yourself. I love you - Thanks! Romance is very much a matter of humor, especially with the current astral energy. Although you are more concerned with image and looks than with making others laugh, it is your particular approach to life that seems to have someone really gorgeous in stitches. We can criticize good people for doing bad things. Lack of communication can ruin a lot of good situations. Don't love me with words, love me with actions!! Instead we should be there for one another, show our love. Prom is the epitome of a relationship where you feel pressured because you’re not growing at the rate your lover wants you to. Without communication, there's no relationship; Without respect, there is no love; Without trust, there's...... Can these two strangers survive together? The amount of comments I have received regarding prom blows my mind 😭 I love you all so much💕. God is preparing you for the person praying you into their life; He will connect you! It takes a second to say I love you, but actions to show it. A kiss is only a kiss until it means something it meant something. Beautiful girl = good attitude + nice smile + good communication. She will be a good lover for boy who loves her. Right now, your differences -- not your similarities -- are the things that will help produce a better relationship, so savor the clash of personalities. See where it gives you new opportunities in this situation. I will never in my life trust another dude. Another chapter of my life began since i met you. someone out there will eventually love my ugly ass one day. The worst; Especially when you know that yall can't even get back together. SURPRISE YOURSELF 😜 Everyone needs a little romance. remember; the failure of connections does not dictate your worth. you are not a representation of lovers who could not. No wrong answers, Although there is a right one. Love is wanting that person to be happy no matter what even if you've to walk away and let him be. I really don't know what the future holds. Y'all better stop letting people dictat ya life smh suckas. I want another one, I love her. It was the little coincidences that brought them together for a lifetime. someone i love: *doesnt talk to me all day*. you can't build a relationship on "promises", you gotta build that **** with love, loyalty, effort. I do like romance as well but could we skip the ******* and cuddle instead? We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love. I hate when I meet my future husband and he doesn't ask for my number. What they say about all work and no play just doesn't apply to you right now. You're likely to be exceptionally involved with career matters -- yet you're looking hot and getting lots of attention while you're at it.
